On Hosting a Blog (2 Likes)
E-book PDFs (2 Likes)
Robocopy (2 Likes)
Graphing My Way (2 Likes)
Gathering the Goods (1 Like)
Starlight (2 Likes)
Seattle Pike Market (2 Likes)
Seattle Locals (2 Likes)
Seattle Scenery (3 Likes)
Seattle Tired
Macbook Iris (30 Likes)
Cruises Rest of Us (1 Like)
Airbnb (2 Likes)
Boat++ (1 Like)
State of the Union (1 Like)



anastasia — http://pipsqueak.com
Graphing My Way
I love this blog. You're a genius, a great writer, and obviously a pro at computing. The format of this blog is so easy to follow and super user friendly.



Jay2 (ogajerry@yahoo.com)
Macbook Iris
Great write up. how much improvement have you seen in the new macbook pro 15 vs the older core2duo?

    Archagon
    So far, the improvement is substantial. Everything feels really slow on my Core2Duo Macbook compared to the 15", though I haven't tortured the new computer quite as much... yet. Animations are always snappy, even when I have 50 tabs open in Safari. The VM, as I mentioned, boots up in a few seconds. All my applications open immediately when I restart. It's definitely the most satisfying computer in terms of speed that I've ever used. (Of course, a lot of this has to do with the SSD vs. the 5200 RPM drive in my old Macbook.)

    Dae (eugene.zuyev@gmail.com)
    I'm not the author of this blog but just a few ago I had a chance to test a MacBook Pro (late 2013). To my surprise it turned out to be up to 50% faster in certain operations than my Mac Pro 4,1 (= tower computer, not laptop, with a quadcore Xeon CPU, lots of RAM, SSD), and my Mac Pro would run circles around any Core 2 Duo machine.



Duderman67
Macbook Iris
Impressive, thank you!



Chris (chrispg21@hotmail.com)
Macbook Iris
Would Iris Pro only model be a better choice for none gamers using dual or triple monitors for video/photo editing?

    Archagon
    I'm not sure about the performance of either chip with multiple monitors. Might want to wait for the Anandtech review!


Leon Roy
Boat++
There was a great article a year ago which described the working spaces of great writers, business men, world leaders. Fascinating how differently everyone worked but the conclusion the artcile came to was that it didn't really seem to matter whether you were working in a windowless bunker or the balcony of a Swiss chateau, it didn't even seem to matter that you were particularly comfortable. What mattered was that you could concentrate.
Think I might have to try a cruise for my next in depth coding sabbatical, I'll definitely refer to this article so I have all my resources ready for offline access. Thanks for sharing.



Chris
Macbook Iris
What a wonderfully thorough review!



Barts (barts706@gmail.com)
Macbook Iris
Thanks for this post. I am on the fence between Iris Pro and GT750M and was looking just for this.



Adam
Macbook Iris
What a great review. Thanks so much!



Oliver
Gathering the Goods
Hey, nice blog! i am interested to hear how the pack held up for your trip, are you still happy with it, pro's/con's and whatnot. i am looking at this pack or the voyager and can't decide between the two, the voyager looks to me like it has more padding on the back near the hips, but i like the idea of a day pack, how did you find wearing this pack for extended periods of time? was its safe with all your electronic gear and, especially the laptop? thanks, oli.

    Archagon
    Hey! The pack held up great, but I decided to switch to wheeled luggage instead on account of the weight of all my gear: http://beta-blog.archagon.net/2013/08/28/gathering-the-goods-part-2/

    50lb of weight is far too much to carry around on your shoulders, I'm afraid! So I don't really have any impressions of the bag under normal (30lb or less) use.

    Everything was safe, but I always made sure to keep my electronics in the day pack and on my person at all times. The zippers lock up nicely, though you really can't rely on a zipper lock to keep your stuff safe.

    Pros: really solid construction, lots of space, great features (especially the day pack and expanding main compartment). Cons: when full, center of mass is far from your body (cube shape), handle isn't great, somewhat dull looking. I think the construction of the Silver Streak and the Voyageur are very similar but you can always call MEI and ask for details if you have concerns.



hüsam
Macbook Iris
can i run gta 5 on mac with windows 7 ? ı have MacBook Pro (Retina, 15-inch, Mid 2014)



Marcos
Macbook Iris
Thank you for the comparison review.